# leaflet_challenge
The United States Geological Survey, or USGS for short, is responsible for providing scientific data about natural hazards, the health of our ecosystems and environment, and the impacts of climate and land-use change. Their scientists develop new methods and tools to supply timely, relevant, and useful information about the Earth and its processes.

The USGS is interested in building a new set of tools that will allow them to visualize their earthquake data. They collect a massive amount of data from all over the world each day, but they lack a meaningful way of displaying it. In this challenge, you have been tasked with developing a way to visualize USGS data that will allow them to better educate the public and other government organizations (and hopefully secure more funding) on issues facing our planet.

In this challenge I utilized the dataset of "All Earthquakes from the Past 7 Days" from the USGS. I ready it into my js file using d3. I ran into some issues when trying to read in the file so there was some troubleshooting where I utilized the console log. Once the data was read in I created the various tile layers and began developing my map. I created markers for each earthquake, and set their size to represent the magnitude of each earthquake. I created a function to set the different colors based on the depth each earthquake. I had to utilize the xpert learning assistant and chatgpt to assist in various syntax issues, formula development and the formatting of the legend in the css file. 
